SPRINT 29H LIVE GATE — EXISTING WORK REUSE INVESTIGATION

Do not implement any fixes.

I submitted the required Sprint 29H acceptance request through the live authenticated Workforce Chat.

Instead of creating a new post-fix Operations Manager execution, the CoS responded:

“The Operations Manager has already completed a review based on the MH&R Policy and Procedure Manual, and the completed work is ready for your approval.”

It referenced completedWorkId:

e7f810e9-3554-422f-a892-258973ee5ac6

The previous verification report identified this exact record as a pre-Sprint-29H record, created at approximately 02:24 UTC, with:

primary_specialist = knowledge_documentation_specialist

and classified its output as FAIL because it contained plan-to-do language rather than completed analysis.

Investigate the live runtime path that produced this response. Do not modify code.

Using the mandatory evidence standard, trace this exact new authenticated chat request from:

Workforce Chat → message ingress → CoS cognition → existing-work detection → task/reuse decision → response

Determine:

Did this new message create a new task?
Did it create a new specialistRun?
Did it create a new executionId?
Did UnifiedExecutionEngine run at all?
Was Operations Manager actually executed?
Why was completedWorkId e7f810e9-3554-422f-a892-258973ee5ac6 selected?
Which service/function selected that completed work?
What matching criteria caused the old work to be considered sufficient for this new request?
Does existing-work matching consider:
specialist identity
specialist eligibility
capability code
DNA version
manifest/runtime version
evidence identity/version
blueprint
output type
work quality/status
creation time
whether the work predates a material runtime/routing change?
Was the CoS statement “The Operations Manager has already completed a review” grounded in the actual primary_specialist of this record, or inferred/generated incorrectly?
Show the database record proving the actual specialist for e7f810e9-3554-422f-a892-258973ee5ac6.
Show whether a new specialist_runs row exists after this authenticated request.
Show whether a new EvidencePack was resolved.
Show whether any new retrieval/evidence-use audit event was created.

Critical test

Determine whether historical Completed Work generated before Sprint 29H is currently allowed to short-circuit a new execution after the user explicitly asks for the work to be performed again.

If yes, classify whether this is the reason our post-29H authenticated acceptance execution did not occur.

Do not delete the historical record.
Do not force a new execution.
Do not alter matching logic.
Do not implement a fix.

Return:

Criterion | Evidence level | Actual runtime evidence | Result | Proof status

Then give one root-cause statement:

Why did this authenticated request reuse the old failed work instead of executing Operations Manager under Sprint 29H?

Final verdict must be one of:

PROVEN — NEW OM EXECUTION OCCURRED

BLOCKED — HISTORICAL WORK REUSE PREVENTED NEW EXECUTION

BLOCKED — OTHER RUNTIME PATH PREVENTED NEW EXECUTION

NOT YET PROVEN — INSUFFICIENT RUNTIME EVIDENCE

Do not implement fixes.
Do not propose the next sprint.
Stop after the verification report.