Yes, essentially. The difference is where the change is applied.

Your previous prompt rewrote the whole Sprint 7.1 plan.

Now that Replit has already produced a detailed implementation plan, you don’t want to resend the entire thing. You only want to change Item 3.

I would simply send this:

Amend Sprint 7.1 before implementation.

Only revise Section 3 – Provision Persistent Organisations. Everything else in the Sprint 7.1 plan remains approved.

Replace Section 3 with the following approach

Do not hard-code tenants, organisation names or fixed UUIDs into the codebase.

The platform must support organisation provisioning, but company creation is an administrative action and should remain manual.

Instead of automatically provisioning organisations such as NeedsOps Internal, MH&R Holdings, Alpha or Beta, build a generic provisioning framework.

Requirements:

* Create a generic organisation provisioning command or administrative endpoint.
* Provisioning must require an existing Platform Database organisation record.
* Organisation creation and database provisioning are separate operations.
* Do not automatically create organisations during:
    * server startup
    * database migrations
    * test execution
    * application deployment
* The provisioning service must be organisation-agnostic. It should work for any valid organisation without source code changes.

Manual testing

Provide documented commands for manually creating and provisioning organisations during testing, for example:

npm run create-org
npm run provision-org-db

or an equivalent administrator workflow.

These commands must only execute when explicitly invoked.

Test behaviour

Integration tests may create temporary organisations using random UUIDs and clean them up afterwards.

If an organisation is explicitly marked as persistent, test teardown must not delete it.

Do not require a fixed number of persistent organisations for the test suite to pass.

Acceptance criteria

Replace:

org_database_registry has ≥ 4 persistent rows.

With:

The platform can successfully provision any manually created organisation using the generic provisioning framework. Provisioning is idempotent, secure, UUID-based, and independent of organisation name or slug.

Update the Sprint 7.1 implementation plan accordingly, then continue with the remaining approved work.

This is much cleaner because it only changes the one part that needs changing, instead of asking Replit to rethink the whole sprint again.